    	 I hope you are fine and everything is going ok.<mal_place mot="also"> also you are working hard</mal_place> for your exam on tuesday.
    If you ask me I am fine and stuyding hard too.<mal_place mot="also"> Also <mot_inutile mot="with">I met with my friend</mot_inutile></mal_place> and he gave me  riding lessons  today  who has european cup. hope your riding is ok.
    So bye now have a good night.


 I hope you are fine and everything is going well. Also I hope  you had a nice weekend. If you ask me I worked this weekendend also I had two custumer this weekend.<mot_inutile mot=to>You are starting to lesson</mot_inutile> tomorow.<mot_inutile mot="that">I wanted to say that good luck </mot_inutile> and <?> have good time in your school </?>.
  Take care yourself. bye now


   I am sorry that I did not to give answer soon. As I said before I is very nice to have contact again. I have  started <inutile>to</inutile> my PhD and also salary. I have left to give riding lessons.<inversion>Only</inversion> I ride and I  concantrate on my PhD.<?>I changed my room that I use in the school</?> . <mot_inutile mot=to>I moved to upstairs </inutile>. It has nice view.
   So How is your life going ? I think <mot_inutile mot=like> you look like happy </mot_inutile>. I hope I  am true. so tell me about you and your life .

	this spring, Japan has been experiencing a moderate upturn thanks to exports and factory output.<mal place mot=also> Also, the global recovery  was going well </mal_place> in spite of some structural problems. Today <mal_employe mot=oneself> Japan's situation seems <mot_manquant mot=elsewhere> to degrade oneself </mal_employe> as general trade.</mot manquant>
	The slowing down of the upturn is  due to three reasons. First, Japan has known a decreasement in exports in July. then, third quarter seem to be low, even if the lowest level of business outlays for equipmeny appeared to be achieved before second quarter. And ,at last, the deflation causes a fall of wages and household spending, and a rise of unemployement. 
	Forecasters expect a growth by far less important than last year.
A little progress is waited for 2003 budget. Acutting down in public investement is planned . Also, policymakers want to eliminate deposit inssurance in April 2003.
	Despite the deflation, the Bank of japan is still making only moderate efforts to counter the trend. Since the third quarter, the growth of monetary, wages and employement have known an important fall.
	The Next year should not be very good for Japan because of a cloudier global outlooks, a sharkly financial system and a little progress on long-term reform.


Even if modern farming is much debated, it could be difficult to live with out it.
	In modern farming, cows are bred by artificial insemination, vaccined against diseases, and antibiotics are given to them. They are fed by electronic machines. So that they produce much more milk than traditional davy cows. On the contrary, cows, in organic farming, are the result of a real sir. They are fed by natural farm crop and eat no manufacturing feed. But milk produced is more more expensive. So consumers are <mal_employe mot=to>confronted to a dilemma</mal_employe>. They do not agree with modern farming methods, however they prefer to buy cheap food. Nevertheless modern farming <mal_employe mot=preserved> has preserved many people from starvation </mal_employe>. In the 1970's, to prevent people from famine, farmers started to use pesticides, fertilisers, and irrigation, to produce more crops. However they are three kind of critiscisms about highteck farming. It is bad for people health, it damages the environment, and animal welfare is not respected. But many people would be died of starvation without high teck farming technology. Moreover this kind of food prevents from deadly illnesses. However Modern farming method can provoqued some illnesses.Like salmonella, and also pesticides, and farms chemicals, are found in foud.
	Today many lobby groups are concerned with animal welfare. Those groups argue that modern farming is crual. For example, Aniamls are locked up in very small cages. Those criticisms are not debatable but farmers are concerned by animal welfare too.
	Sir Colin Spedding argues that if farmers give complete freedom to animal, they will fight eachother and catch more infections. Bridget Drew, head of dairy research at Adas, explains that a cow wich has a problem is not profitable for farms. So it is not entirely true that modern farming doesn't take care of animal welfare. To conclude, modern farming methods will not convince everyone that they respect animal welfare.


In the current socio-economic context, each consumer asks for an adapted product, which replies his specific needs and at the cheapest price. He refuses to purchase functions he doesn't need.
Manufacturers are led to provide a large amount of different products to fulfill customer's requirements. Then they are confronted to a dilemma, which is diversity or economies of scale. In order to answer all specific needs, if they try to make specific products, then costs will increase and be reflected on selling prices. On the other hand, if manufacturers want to decrease their prices, then they will have to standardize their production to the maximum so as to benefit from economies of scale (training effects, fixed costs decreasing...).
Most manufacturers use product families that allow a particular standardization degree and still leave product flexibility to adapt to various uses. These product families are then divided into subfamilies so as to better reach segmented market, then each product of the subfamily can be customized according to the needs and preferences of the customers. This results in an increasingly significant choice of options and alternatives in a line of equipment in order to answer diversified functional requirements. For producers, this commercial diversity must be controlled otherwise they could be led to an expensive diversification process. Necessary commercial diversity can be durably provided only if it is supported by a low technical diversity, which guarantees acceptable management and development costs.
At product design stage, it is thus necessary to model interactions between commercial diversity and technical diversity. In order to manufacture wide diversified products, two approaches are proposed in the literature: modular design [2] aiming at using identical components and subassemblies for customized products, and delaying the differentiation of products or processes known as the delayed differentiation strategy [3].
The contribution of this paper is a proposition of a model that supports a global methodology for the design of products with high diversity.
A proposition of a methodology with 8 steps has been carried out. The methodology focuses in particular on the analysis of the functional requirements (with a distinction between stable and variable functions), the creation of a functional structure, the creation of a technical structure and an analysis of the set of relevant available processes. The methodology is described in the following sections.
The first step of the methodology focuses on the creation of a team to manage the product diversity. The members of the team should belong to different departments within the company in order to have a global representation of the product.
To have an objective representation of the situation and about the evolution, it is necessary to have some indicators. Some examples are given in the following table:
This table is not exhaustive, it will be one of the functions of the team to select the best adapted indicators in each case. The indicators can be balanced and grouped for a global representation.
This step gives information about the customers expectations. Yu et al. [5] propose to make a distinction in the origin of the diversity ; they ask customers about their functional expectations at different time.
Following the analysis of functional requirements a functional structure will be realized that separate stable and variable functions. Three questions are necessary to distinguish relevant cases.
	Recent advances in the cognitive neuroscience of action have considerably enlarged our understanding of human motor cognition. In particular, the activity of the mirror system, first discovered in the brain of non-human primates, provides an observer with the understanding of a perceived action by means of the motor simulation of the agent’s observed movements. This discovery has raised the prospects of a “motor theory of social cognition”. Human social cognition includes the ability to mindread, which in turn plays a crucial role in human communication. Thus, many motor theorists of social cognition try to bridge the gap between human motor cognition and human mindreading by endorsing a simulation account of human mindreading. We are skeptical about both the simulation account of human mindreading and the prospects of a motor theory of social cognition. As we shall argue in the first section of this paper, much of our skepticism about the simulation account of human mindreading stems from the fact that the concept of simulation involved in simulation accounts of human mindreading so far is a mongrel concept. The rest of the paper will be devoted to explaining why we are skeptical about the prospects of a motor theory of social cognition.
	        Mental simulation, of which motor simulation is but an instance, is a hybrid concept: it involves at least two separable ingredients. One idea is that a cognitive mechanism may be used “off-line”. For example, it has been suggested (by e.g., Currie, 1995) that in visual imagery, the human visual system is used off-line: instead of taking retinal inputs, it receives inputs from memory. Instead of producing a visual percept, it produces a mental visual image. Thus, visual imagery consists in simulating visual perception or, as Gallese and Goldman  (1998) put it, “in pretending to see” (p. 497).[1]


            The other idea is that mental simulation is the cognitive basis of imitation. As we shall argue next, one natural assumption is that the firing of MNs in the pre-motor cortex is the neural basis of motor imitation. MNs have been discovered in the brain of macaque monkeys. The question arises: do they imitate? Until recently, the evidence seemed negative (Tomasello and Call, 1997). But there is intriguing new positive evidence (Kumashio et al., 2003). Interestingly, simulation theorists (ST) of mindreading have taken two different, if not irreconcilable, positions on imitation. On the one hand, Gallese and Goldman (1998) have strongly denied that a function of MNs is “to promote learning by imitation” (p. 495-6). On the other hand, they have stressed the importance of imitation in tasks of third-person mindreading: “ST depicts mindreading as incorporating an attempt to replicate, mimic, or impersonate the mental life of the target agent” (p. 497).
The main problem with imitation is that it is a folk psychological concept whose boundaries are presently too ill-defined for scientific purposes. Newborn babies, who reproduce facial movements of lip and tongue protrusion, have been said to imitate (Meltzoff and Moore, 1997). And so have 18 month old toddlers, who have been shown to be able to produce a correct version of an action of which they have observed an aborted version (Meltzoff, 1995). Does imitation reduce to copying? Or does imitation allow creative interpretation? Unless this ambiguity is resolved, it is hard to evaluate Meltzoff and Decety’s (2003) claim that “motor imitation” is “the missing link” between MNs and “theory of mind”. If imitation requires copying, then, unlike observable behavior, beliefs cannot be imitated for they cannot be copied. If imitation is not restricted to copying and if creative interpretation is allowed as part of imitation, then perhaps even beliefs could be imitated. But one cannot have it both ways.
	            Motor theories of human cognition are ubiquitous. Our main topic is the motor theory of social cognition. The remarkable discovery of so-called “mirror neurons” (MNs) in the ventral pre-motor cortex (area F5) of macaque monkeys (Rizzolatti et al., 1996; Rizzolatti et al., 2000; Rizzolatti et al., 2004) and the discovery of the mirror system in humans (Rizzolatti et al., 1996; Grafton et al., 1996; Decety et al., 1997; Fadiga et al., 1995) have raised the prospects of a motor theory of social cognition, whose goal is to derive much (if not all) of human social cognition from human motor cognition (Gallese, 2003; Wolpert et al., 2003; Blakemore and Decety, 2001; Metzinger and Gallese, 2003). MNs are sensori-motor neurons that fire both when a monkey executes certain kinds of actions and when the monkey perceives the same actions being performed by another (Rizzolatti et al., 1996; Rizzolatti et al., 2000; Rizzolatti et al., 2004). The discharge of mirror neurons in area F5 of the ventral pre-motor cortex of macaque monkeys has been recorded when the monkey alternatively sees, hears and both sees and hears a transitive noisy hand action (Keysers et al. 2003, Kohler et al. 2003). This evidence suggests that MNs are cross-modal sensori-motor neurons. The activity of MNs has also been recorded when the monkey perceives a transitive hand action whose target is being occluded towards the end of action observation (Rizzolatti et al., 2001). This evidence shows that visual access to object-hand interaction is not necessary for eliciting the discharge of mirror neurons. Transitive ingestive mouth actions also elicit the discharge of MNs. So far, it is not known whether intransitive (communicative) mouth actions elicit the discharge of MNs in the monkey (Ferrari et al., 2003).[2] In humans, evidence from brain imaging reveals that the mirror system can be elicited by the execution and the perception of a much wider class of perceptible actions including not only “intransitive” hand and mouth actions (not directed towards a manipulable target), but also pantomimes of hand actions( Rizzolatti, et al. 1996; Grafton et al., 1996; Decety et al., 1997).
	 By automatically matching the agent’s observed movements onto her own motor repertoire without executing them, the firing of MNs in the observer’s brain simulates the agent’s observed movements and thereby contributes to the understanding of the perceived action (Rizzolatti et al., 1996; Rizzolatti et al., 2000; Rizzolatti et al., 2004). Thus, MNs supply motor, not purely perceptual, representations of actions. Because they are located in the pre-motor cortex, MNs should not fire in an observer’s brain unless the represented action were executable, i.e., consistent with the rules of the motor system (Decety and Jeannerod, 1996; Jeannerod, 2001). We therefore think that one important function of MNs might be to enhance learning technical skills by allowing motor imitation, i.e., reproducing an observed motor sequence (Rizzolatti et al., 2000; Jacob and Jeannerod, 2003, ch. 7).[3] However, we are skeptical about the view that MNs constitute the fundamental neural basis of human social cognition.
	          In a weak sense, human social cognition encompasses all cognitive processes relevant to the perception and understanding of conspecifics (Blakemore et al., 2004). So it includes, but it is not restricted to, the cognitive processes involved in the understanding of perceived actions performed by conspecifics. It is widely recognized that what is distinctive of human social cognition is the human mindreading ability to understand, not just the observable behavior of one’s conspecifics, but also one’s own mind (which we shall ignore here) and especially the minds of others (Baron-Cohen, 1995; Leslie and Thaiss, 1992; Frith and Frith, 2003; Saxe et al., 2004).[4] Thanks to their mindreading ability, healthy human adults readily explain and predict human actions by representing and attributing to human agents a whole battery of internal unobservable mental states such as goals, intentions, emotions, perceptions, desires, beliefs, many of which are far removed from any observable behavior (Gopnik and Wellman, 1994). It is also intuitively clear that there is a gap between full-blown human mindreading and the psychological understanding of perceived actions afforded by MNs. Thus, the challenge faced by motor theorists of social cognition is to bridge this gap.


            Faced with this challenge, the strategy favored by motor theorists of social cognition is to tinker with the concept of motor simulation, as suggested by simulation theorists of mindreading (Gallese, 2003; 2004; Metzinger and Gallese, 2003; Blakemore and Decety, 2001; Gordon, 1995; Goldman, 1995). We disapprove this strategy because it relaxes the fundamental link between simulation and the requirements of the motor system, which we take very seriously. The firing of MNs is a social cognitive process only in a very weak sense. When MNs fire in the brain of a monkey during action execution, the discharge is not a social cognitive process at all. When MNs fire in the brain of a monkey watching another grasp a fruit, the discharge is a weakly social process: the two monkeys are not involved in any kind of non-verbal intentional communication. The agent intends to grasp a fruit, not to impart some information to his conspecific. Nor does the observer’s understanding of the action require him to understand the agent’s communicative intention (because the agent has none). 
	One way to question the motor theory of social cognition would be to challenge it to account for the human capacity to read one’s own mind or to ascribe false beliefs to others — something that healthy human adults do all the time without effort. But this is not what we shall do. Instead, we shall grant that simulating an agent’s movements may be sufficient for understanding his motor intention, but we shall argue that it is not sufficient for understanding the agent’s prior intention, his social intention and his communicative intention. Then, we shall argue that motor simulation might not even be necessary for understanding all perceived actions. Finally, we shall argue that a significant part of human social cognition is comprised of a “perceptual social” system whose neural basis has perceptual but no motor properties (Allison et al., 2000; Jacob and Jeannerod, 2003, ch. 7).
	           Evidence from brain imaging in healthy adults and autistic individuals suggests that reasoning about beliefs and representing goals and intentions are subserved by different brain areas (Frith and Frith, 2003; Saxe et al., 2004). Evidence from developmental psychology suggests that the former is a later and more costly accomplishment than the latter (Baron-Cohen, 1995; Leslie and Thaiss, 1992; Leslie and Polizzi, 1998). An action is a goal-directed sequence of bodily movements initiated and monitored by what we shall call a “motor intention”. Understanding a perceived action requires at least representing the agent’s motor intention. Although human adults readily explain actions by representing agents’ (true or false) beliefs, it is possible, by relying on one’s own current perception of the world, to represent the goal of a perceived action or the agent’s motor intention without representing an agent’s (true) beliefs. By simulating the agent’s perceived movements, the observer may represent the agent’s motor intention.


            Indeed, before they can reason about beliefs, young children can represent goals and intentions (Frith and Frith, 2003; Saxe et al., 2004). After having been habituated to seeing a reach-and-grasp hand movement, five- to eight month-old infants look longer when the target of the prehension movement changes than when the path of the hand movement changes (Woodward, 1998). However, when grasping by a human hand is replaced by the motion of an artefact, e.g., a metal claw, the pattern of preference elicited by seeing the movement of the human hand disappears (Woodward, 1998). This is compatible with the hypothesis that infants represent the goal of the action and the agent’s motor intention by matching the observed hand movement onto their own motor repertoire, i.e., by motor simulation.


            Philosophers, however, have long emphasized the distinction between basic actions and non-basic actions: for example, the non-basic action of turning on the light can be performed by the basic action of pressing a switch. They also make the correlative distinction between motor intentions (or “intentions in action”) and “prior” intentions whose goals are more remote (Searle, 1983; Pacherie, 2000). A motor intention is an intention to execute a basic action. Given one’s prior intention to execute the non-basic action of turning on the light, one forms the motor intention to perform the basic action of e.g., pressing the switch with one’s right index finger. Perceiving the basic action of pressing the switch with the right index finger automatically causes the observer to entertain the very motor representation that guides the agent’s execution of the action. By executing the basic action, the agent also performs the non-basic action of turning on the light. The agent’s basic action is controlled by his motor intention. His non-basic action is controlled by his prior intention.
	By pressing the switch downwards with one’s right index finger, one might turn on the light. But by executing the same motor sequence, one might also (depending on the electrical set up) turn the light off. If so, then representing an agent’s motor intention to press the switch downwards with his index finger will not allow the observer to figure out the agent’s prior intention. In order to move from representing the agent’s motor intention to representing his prior intention, the observer needs at least to know whether the light was off or on prior to the agent’s action. We surmise that by simulating the agent’s perceived movement of pressing the switch with his right index finger, an observer will understand the agent’s motor intention to execute the basic action, not his prior intention to execute the non-basic action.
	
	
